Hi, my name is Sean.
I'm a Technical Program
Manager in Google workspace.
I am a 30 year security veteran
within the security space
across six different industries.
During your first data breach,
the most important
thing that you can
do is keep your cool.
Everyone around is going
to be freaking out.
If you are on
the security team and you
are managing the incident,
you have to legitimately be
the cool guy in the room.
Be that person that has the
pause in the conversation.
Somebody might be like, do
you know what's going on?
I absolutely do.
I think the biggest
breach I've ever
had was a phone call.
An engineer for
another financial,
bought a server off eBay.
That server fired it
up hadn't been wiped.
Twenty million credit
card records were on it.
That triggered a whole review
of we had not been controlling
for how do third parties because
we were now outsourcing
data centers.
How do third parties wipe
the servers that
we no longer use?
The first thing
you're going to do
is to contain the breach.
If you are still
hemorrhaging data,
you go through your progressions
to stop hemorrhaging data.
So if that means shutting
down a server,
shutting down a data
center, shutting down comms,
whatever, stopping the data loss is
that is your number
one priority.
Your job as an incident manager
or as somebody working
a breach is to stop
the breach and then
investigate the breach.
So executing your incident
management by plan is
the most important thing that
an entry level person
can keep in mind.